designated reviewers of test data as repo codeowners (#65)
HumanCellAtlas/dcp2: docs/dcp2_operating_procedures.rst

Designated reviewers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The list of reviewrs in maintained as the `CODEOWNERS`_ list of the `schema-test-data`_ repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of reviewers is maintained as the `CODEOWNERS`_ list of the `schema-test-data`_ repo.
```
